[TiUP] add support check the yaml file before scale out (#12273)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-component-cluster-check.md

- If a cluster is not deployed yet, you need to pass the [topology.yml](/tiup/tiup-cluster-topology-reference.md) file that is used to deploy the cluster. According to the content in this file, tiup-cluster connects to the corresponding machine to perform the check.
- If a cluster is already deployed, you can use the `<cluster-name>` as the check object.

> - If you want to check the expansion yaml for a deployed cluster, you can use both `<scale-out.yml>` and `<cluster-name>` as the check object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to check the scale-out yaml for a deployed cluster, you can use both `<scale-out.yml>` and `<cluster-name>` as the check object.
```

Reviewer: use both `<scale-out.yml>` and `<cluster-name>` as the check object: 指这俩同时用，还是两个中选一个用就行？

Author: both

- Data type: `BOOLEAN`
- This option is disabled by default with the `false` value. To enable this option, add this option to the command, and either pass the `true` value or do not pass any value.

> **Note:**
>

> > tiup-cluster also supports fix the scale-out yaml file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> tiup-cluster also supports checking the `scale-out` yaml file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:
```

- Data type: `BOOLEAN`
- This option is disabled by default with the `false` value. To enable this option, add this option to the command, and either pass the `true` value or do not pass any value.

> **Note:**
>

> > `tiup-cluster check` also supports repairing the `scale-out.yaml` file for an existing cluster with the following command format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `tiup cluster check` also supports repairing the `scale-out.yaml` file for an existing cluster with the following command format:
```

>
>```shell
> tiup cluster check <cluster-name> scale-out.yaml --cluster --apply --user root [-p] [-i /home/root/.ssh/gcp_rsa]
>```

### --cluster

> - Indicates that the check is for clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Indicates that the check is for clusters that have been deployed.
```

> - Indicates that the check is for clusters that have been deployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Indicates that the check is for a cluster that has been deployed.
```

- Data type: `BOOLEAN`
- This option is disabled by default with the `false` value. To enable this option, add this option to the command, and either pass the `true` value or do not pass any value.

> - Command format (for both deployed and needing expansion clusters):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Command format:
```

    ```shell
    tiup cluster check <topology.yml | cluster-name> [flags]
    ```

> **Note:**
>
> - If the `tiup cluster check <cluster-name>` command is used, you must add the `--cluster` option: `tiup cluster check <cluster-name> --cluster`.

> > - tiup-cluster also supports checking the `scale-out yaml` file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - `tiup cluster check` also supports checking the `scale-out yaml` file for an existing cluster with the following command format:
```

- Data type: `BOOLEAN`
- This option is disabled by default with the `false` value. To enable this option, add this option to the command, and either pass the `true` value or do not pass any value.

> **Note:**
>

> > tiup-cluster also supports fixing the `scale-out yaml` file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> tiup-cluster also supports repairing the `scale-out yaml` file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:
```
Line 136 uses the word "repair". Better to use the same word to avoid confusion.

> ```
> 
> If the `tiup cluster check <cluster-name>` command is used, you must add the `--cluster` option: `tiup cluster check <cluster-name> --cluster`.
>

> > tiup-cluster also supports check the scale-out yaml file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> tiup-cluster also supports checking the `scale-out` yaml file for a deployed cluster with the following command format:
```
